“It’s a prety good zoo,” 
Said young Gerald McGrew, 
“And the felow who runs it 
Seems proud of it too.
But if I ran the zoo,” 
Said young Gerald McGrew,  “I’d make a few changes. That’s just what I’d do.
The lions and tigers and that kind of stuff
They have up here now are not quite good enough. You see things like these in any old zoo.
They’re awfuly old­fashioned. I want something new!
So I’d open each cage, I’l unlock every pen, Let the animals go and start over again. And somehow or other I think I could find 
Some beasts of some beasts of a more unusual kind.
A four­footed lion’s not much of a beast. The one in my zoo wil have 10 feet at least. Five legs on the left and five more on the right. Then people wil stare, and they’l say, ‘What a sight!’ My New Zoo, McGrew Zoo, wil make people talk. My new zoo, McGrew zoo, wil make people gawk.
They’l be so surprised, they’l swalow their gum. They’l ask when they see my strange animals come,
‘Where do you suppose he gets things like that from?’ 
If you want to catch beasts you don’t see every day, You have to go places quite out of the way. You have to go places no others can get to. You have to get cold and you have to get wet too.
I’l catch ‘em in caves, I’l catch ‘em in brooks,
I’l catch ‘em in crannies, I’l catch ‘em in nooks
That you don’t read about in geography books.I’l load up five boats with a family of Joats
Whose feet are like cows, but wear squirrel­skin coats, And sit like dogs, but have voices like goats—  Excepting they can’t sing the very high notes.
And then I’l go down to the Wilds of Nantucket, And capture a family of Lunks in a bucket. Then people wil say, ‘Now I like that boy heaps. His New Zoo, McGrew Zoo, is growing by leaps. He captures them wild, he captures them meek, 
He captures them slim, he captures them sleek.
What do you suppose he wil capture next week?’
In the far western part 
In southeast North Dakota 
Lives a very fine animal cal ed the Iota. 
But I’l capture one 
Who is even much finer 
In the northeastern west part of South Carolina. 
When people see him they wil say, ‘Now by thunder!
This New Zoo, McGrew Zoo, is realy a wonder!’
I’l bag a big bug 
Who is very surprising,
A feler who has
A propel er for rising 
And zooming around making cross­country hops, From Texas to Boston with only two stops. Now that kind of thing for a bug is just tops!
In a cave in Kartoom is a beast cal ed a Natch 
That no other hunter’s been able to catch. He’s hidden for years in his cave with a pout 
And no one’s been able to make him come out.
But I’l coax him out with a wonderful meal 
That’s cooked by my cooks in my cooker mobile. 
They’l fix up a dish that is just to his taste; 
Three chicken croquetes made of library paste. 
Then sprinkled with peanut shucks, pickled and spiced,
Then baked at 600 degrees and then iced.
It’s mighty hard cooking to cook up such feasts
But that’s how the New Zoo, McGrew Zoo, gets beasts.‘He hunts with such vims, he hunts with such vigor. His new zoo,
McGrew’s Zoo, gets bigger and bigger.’
Then the whole town wil gasp, ‘Why this boy never sleeps!
No keeper before ever kept what he keeps. There’s no tel ing what that young felow wil do!’ And then, just to show them, I’l sail to Ka­troo 
And bring back an It­Kutch a Preep and a Proo,
A Nerkle, a Nerd and a Seersucker too.
‘This Zookeeper, New keeper’s simply astounding.’ He travels so far that you think he’d drop!
When do you suppose this young felow wil stop?’ 
Stop… ? 
Wel, I should.
But I won’t stop until 
I’ve captures the Fizza­ma­Wizza­ma­Dil, The world's biggest bird from the Island of Gwark 
Who only eats pine trees and spits out the bark.
And boy! When I get him back home to my park,
The whole world wil say, ‘Young McGrew’s made his mark.’